#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via unstructured-client
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.8.0
    # via httpx
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==25.1.0
    # via aiohttp
babel==2.17.0
    # via courlan
backoff==2.2.1
    # via unstructured
beautifulsoup4==4.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured
blis==1.2.0
    # via thinc
catalogue==2.0.10
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
    #   trafilatura
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   readability-lxml
    #   unstructured
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   htmldate
    #   requests
    #   trafilatura
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   python-oxmsg
    #   typer
cloudpathlib==0.20.0
    # via weasel
confection==0.1.5
    # via
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
courlan==1.3.2
    # via trafilatura
cryptography==44.0.0
    # via unstructured-client
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via readability-lxml
cymem==2.0.11
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   unstructured
dateparser==1.2.0
    # via htmldate
emoji==2.14.1
    # via unstructured
eval-type-backport==0.2.2
    # via unstructured-client
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
faiss-cpu==1.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
filetype==1.2.0
    # via unstructured
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
html5lib==1.1
    # via unstructured
htmldate==1.9.3
    # via trafilatura
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   unstructured-client
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-community
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via spacy
joblib==1.4.2
    # via nltk
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpath-python==1.0.6
    # via unstructured-client
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
justext==3.0.1
    # via trafilatura
langchain==0.3.17
    # via langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.16
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.33
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
langcodes==3.5.0
    # via spacy
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via unstructured
langsmith==0.3.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
language-data==1.3.0
    # via langcodes
lxml[html-clean]==5.3.0
    # via
    #   htmldate
    #   justext
    #   lxml-html-clean
    #   readability-lxml
    #   trafilatura
    #   unstructured
lxml-html-clean==0.4.1
    # via lxml
marisa-trie==1.2.1
    # via language-data
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
murmurhash==1.0.12
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured-client
nltk==3.9.1
    # via unstructured
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   blis
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   unstructured
olefile==0.47
    # via python-oxmsg
orjson==3.10.15
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
pinecone-client==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pinecone-plugin-inference==1.1.0
    # via pinecone-client
pinecone-plugin-interface==0.0.7
    # via
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pinecone-plugin-inference
preshed==3.0.9
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psutil==6.1.1
    # via unstructured
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   confection
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   unstructured-client
    #   weasel
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.7.1
    # via langchain-community
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pypdf==5.2.0
    # via unstructured-client
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   dateparser
    #   htmldate
    #   unstructured-client
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via pydantic-settings
python-iso639==2025.1.28
    # via unstructured
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via unstructured
python-oxmsg==0.0.2
    # via unstructured
pytz==2025.1
    # via dateparser
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
rapidfuzz==3.12.1
    # via unstructured
readability-lxml==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   dateparser
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   spacy
    #   tiktoken
    #   unstructured
    #   weasel
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   unstructured-client
rich==13.9.4
    # via typer
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   html5lib
    #   langdetect
    #   python-dateutil
smart-open==7.1.0
    # via weasel
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
spacy==3.8.3
    # via -r requirements.in
spacy-legacy==3.0.12
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.5
    # via spacy
sqlalchemy==2.0.37
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
srsly==2.5.1
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
thinc==8.3.4
    # via spacy
tiktoken==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tld==0.13
    # via courlan
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   pinecone-client
    #   spacy
    #   unstructured
trafilatura==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typer==0.15.1
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   weasel
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   cloudpathlib
    #   langchain-core
    #   multidict
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pypdf
    #   python-oxmsg
    #   rich
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   unstructured-client
tzlocal==5.2
    # via dateparser
unstructured==0.16.17
    # via -r requirements.in
unstructured-client==0.29.0
    # via unstructured
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   courlan
    #   htmldate
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
    #   trafilatura
wasabi==1.1.3
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
weasel==0.4.1
    # via spacy
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   smart-open
    #   unstructured
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
